Ruby's doing damage over here in the
living room she gots it over and knocked
over the cup and totally was smiling the
mug with the tea in it Graham smug then
she saw that she saw the jar right there
the mason jar and she took it and
grabbed it and spilled it and now we are
sure that she knows those cups are there
and she's going after him hahahaha look
at your little oh oh okay do you think
okay well that was empty good shoot I'm
too and I can do what I want to totally
can you what are you kidding go get it
Ruby go get it go get it come on get
good look at you old spunky thing oh
yeah oh yeah they said you'd never do
anything you can spill anything you want
anytime you want go crazy girlfriend you
so excited whatever hey you shouldn't
break it cuz that's next hey Ruby Ruby I
love you I love you seriously she went
right back in thank you for good I gotta
show dr. Chevy I'm gonna show him yeah
I stand up just so I can see her head
she's got it so much tipped hey girl you
so bootiful we went everybody see how
beautiful you are yes are you a miracle
are you a miracle yes yes